APPENDIX IV

STATUTORY AND GENERAL INFORMATION

(ii) Pending patents

As at the Latest Practicable Date, we had applied for the registration of the following patents

which we consider to be or may be material to our business:

No.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

Patent

Applicant

Application

Application Number

Application Date

Place of

Fused tricyclic compounds
as raf kinase inhibitors
Maleate salts, crystalline
forms, methods of
preparation, and uses
therefore
Combination of a PD-l
antagonist and a raf
inhibitor for treating cancer
Fused tetra or penta-cyclic
dihydrodiazepino-
carbazolones as parp
inhibitors
Process for preparing a
parp inhibitor, crystalline
forms, and uses therefore
Crystalline forms of salts
of fused tera or
penta-cyclic
dihydrodiazepino-
carazolones, and uses
thereof
Treatment cancers using a
combination comprising
parp inhibitors
Treatment cancers using a
combination comprising
parp inhibitors,
temozolomide and/or
radiation therapy
Substituted pyrazolo[1,5-a]
pyrimidines as bruton’s
tyrosine kinase modulators

The Company

The Company

US

US

US15/882,064

2011/12/31

US15/565,807

2016/04/14

BeiGene

Switzerland

WO

PCT/IB2017/053521

2017/06/14

The Company

US

US15/479,958

2011/12/31

The Company

US

US15/753,993

2016/08/22

The Company

WO

PCT/CN2018/077433

2018/02/27

BeiGene

Switzerland

WO

PCT/CN2017/103660

2017/09/27

The Company

WO

PCT/CN2018/095911

2018/07/17

The Company

US

US15/969,864

2014/04/22

— IV-7 —

