GLOSSARY OF TECHNICAL TERMS

“squamous NSCLC”

“standard-of-care”

“superiority trial”

“t1/2”

“target occupancy”

“T cell” or “T lymphocyte”

a type of non-small cell lung cancer, which begins in
squamous cells

treatment that is accepted by medical experts as a proper
treatment for a certain type of disease and that is widely
used by healthcare professionals. Also called best
practice, standard medical care, and standard therapy

a clinical trial designed to prove that the response to the
investigational product is superior to a comparable active
agent or placebo control

the time required for the concentration to fall to 50% of
its peak value

based on in vivo pharmacodynamics comparison data, the
ability of an antibody to occupy more of the available
binding sites at a given drug concentration

a lymphocyte of a type produced or processed by the
thymus gland and actively participating in the immune
response, which plays a central role in cell-mediated
immunity. T cells can be distinguished from other
lymphocytes, such as B cells and NK cells, by the
presence of a T cell receptor on the cell surface

“TEAE” or “treatment emergent

adverse events”

adverse events not present prior to medical treatment, or
an already present event that worsens either in intensity
or frequency following the treatment

“TIGIT”

“TNF-␣”

a receptor expressed on the surface of T cells and NK
cells that can drive inhibition of immune function after
binding to CD155 expressed on cancer cells or dendritic
cells. TIGIT is a checkpoint inhibitor protein expressed
on tumor antigen specific T cells and is associated with
turning off anti-tumor T cells

a protein called tumor necrosis factor-␣ that stimulates
the inflammatory response in the body

– 50 –

