“Series A Preferred Shares”

“Series B Preferred

Shareholders”

“Series B Preferred Shares”

“Series C Preferred

Shareholders”

“Series C Preferred Shares”

“Series D Preferred

Shareholders”

“Series D Preferred Shares”

DEFINITIONS

the series A convertible redeemable preferred shares of
the Company with a current par value of US$0.00001 per
share which are in issue and held by the Series A
Preferred Shares Shareholders pursuant to the Round 2
Cayman Investment, details of which are described in the
section headed “History, Development and Corporate
Structure”

the holder of the Series B Preferred Shares

the series B convertible redeemable preferred shares of
the Company with a current par value of US$0.00001 per
share which are in issue and held by the Series B
Preferred Shares Shareholders pursuant to the Round 4
Cayman Investment, Round 5 Cayman Investment and
Round 7 Cayman Investment, details of which are
described in the section headed “History, Development
and Corporate Structure”

the holder of the Series C Preferred Shares

the series C convertible redeemable preferred shares of
the Company with a current par value of US$0.00001 per
share which are in issue and held by the Series C
Preferred Shares Shareholders pursuant to the Round 6
Cayman Investment and Round 8 Cayman Investment,
details of which are described in the section headed
“History, Development and Corporate Structure”

the holder of the Series D Preferred Shares

the series D convertible redeemable preferred shares of
the Company with a current par value of US$0.00001 per
share which are in issue and held by the Series D
Preferred Shares Shareholders pursuant to the Round 9
Cayman Investment, details of which are described in the
section headed “History, Development and Corporate
Structure”

“Series E Preferred Shareholders”

the holder of the Series E Preferred Shares

– 32 –

